Ponder Implications of Technology During a Movie Marathon of The Matrix Triology - Roll Again
Enabled 2FA on All Devices - Move Forward 1 Space
You write an article criticizing the mayor in a local newspaper. They attempt push back, but you are protected under the First Amendment - Move Forward 2 Spaces
You invent a new type of batter and file a patent application. which is approved - Move Forward 1 Space.
You own a bar and responsibly pay a license fee for any copyrighted music you play - Move forward 3 spaces.
You updated your passwords to be strong passwords - Move forward 1 space.
You created a controversial piece of art based on religion that is protected by the first amendment - Move forward 2 spaces.
You don't click the link the email that says you have an issue with your bank account. You avoided fishing - Move forward 2 spaces.
You decide to do training on using AI to improve your job performance - Move forward 1 space.
You decide to research the facts about a post you saw on facebook about the president - Move forward 1 space.
You implement a quality control process to help catch errors in a computer syste, you developed - Move forward 2 spaces.
Schedule Regular Software and Security Updates - Move Forward 1 Space
Your helped develop software that allows pilots to land airplanes - Move forward 2 spaces
You fix a bug in the software that other technicians couldn't find - Move forward 1 space
You got computer training to advance in your career field. - Move forward 1 space
You can now work remotely! - Move forward 2 spaces
Your boss gives you a brand new laptop to finish your work - Move forward 1 space
You drive for a rideshare app to pay bills while job hunting, taking advantage of the gig economy - Move forward 1 space.
You switch from a popular search engine to one that doesn't track user data - Move forward 1 space
You call your bank when you notice charges you didn't place - Move forward 2 spaces
You use a VPN when in a coffee shop - Move forward 1 space.
You report an account sending harassing messages - Move forward 1 space.
You help your grandparents spot fake virus alert popups - Move forward 1 space.
You report a security vulnerability that you discover at your work. - Move forward 2 spaces.
Inform your neighbor of a fake toll bridge scam text. - Move forward 1 space.
As law enforcement agent, you present a subpoena to a company for customer information. - Move forward 1 space.
You double check the privacy settings on your social media and adjust them to limit what strangers see. - Move forward 2 spaces.
You turn off location sharing on social media - Move forward 2 spaces.
You post on your social media to raise money for someone's medical bills - Move forward 1 space.
You Tweet your opinion publically - Move forward 1 space
You report harmful misinformation on Facebook and it gets reviewed and flagged - Move forward 1 Space
You respectfully disagree with someone's comment thread but back up your points with evidence - Move forward 1 Space
You created technology to automatically corrupt illegally downloaded music - Move forward 2 spaces.
You sue over a copyright infringement - Move forward 2 spaces.
You choose to buy and download music legally instead of pirating it. - Move forward 2 space.
You get a suspicious email from you boss asking for gift cards. You report it. -  Move forward 2 spaces.
You finally set up two-factor authentication and use a password manager for all your acounts. - Move forward 2 spaces
You get internet acfess for the firt time in your rural community. Move forward 1 space.
You place parental controls on your child's phone. - Move forward 1 space.
You find a glitch in a website showing user's privat einformation. You report it to the admin right away. - Move foward 1 space.
You regularly install software updates on your devices. Move forward 1 space.
You use a photo from a free image website, following their licensing guidelines and giving proper credit to the photographer.
You ensure your personal data is protected by reading the privacy policy before signing up for an online service. - Move forward 1 space.
T/F: Fair Use allows you to use copyright materials without permission for educational purposes | T
What is the primary purpose of a patent? | To legally protect new inventions and tech innovations.
T/F: Copyright law only protevts work that is art and does not protect software? | False





